tel aviv that is our new machine
that we will give to our inventory this is
a commercial and industrial machine for
to be transferred ice cones by
famous eight sides
This machine operates at 120 volts 635
watts and 5.3 samper it is essential that you
connect to the box directly a
110 position to work hard
better the panels are
the tempered glass of high durability
here we have the engine is a motor of a
third of horsepower is very very
The powerful machine makes you 500 rafa
500 pounds per hour is essential for
very big events as I tell you is from
very good quality is brand for the
Model is snow thrift is a machine
designed and built in usa it comes with
its cones holder in the part
and I'm here is where you get ice
here I already have
ice in there is the ice in the
part of inside
I already have it there, it is lowered in this way
and I'm going to operate her she comes with
some accessories that is this hose
and the spoon that's in here and
comes with your manual
Aragon
from the back of the machine
the part that says the video in front of
the part of the front is the part of
back and the hose
it connects here in this part would connect
the hose so that it drains ok you the
I'm going to put it to work so that you see
it works like this here
is the switch to reset the motor
any problem here you have it
as functions with both hands
while the engine is tightened down the
knob
I'll give you more ice to see
how does it work
listen to this ice shock so that
Works with ice of any size
It is a commercial industrial machine
although we are going to work the other time
you leave the molten switch and lower the
knob
1 2 3
As I tell you, it is an essential Aragon brand
Very Good Excellent for celebrations events
high durability marriages
if you have look how is it you get the coni
you make the snow duct looks good
scraped I have 500 pounds per hour